can you tell us your initial reaction to
it that is incredible absolutely
incredible if you move the slider it
actually goes from 2d to 3d without any
any problem at all it's just amazing
quite impressed it looks it looks great
it looks great it really is 3d and it's
quite amazing
well it's amazing the depth is
incredible didn't seem to be so prone it
pretty amazing 3d
it's like the glass is just no glasses I
think actually it's better on the glass
because the glasses are very like you're
just watching layers but this doesn't
feel like they are so much
full picture it's really good it
literally looks like a pop-up screen got
a about the background that's it's
really bright it's very the detailing is
really impressive I thought the 3d would
take away from enough from the graphics
but it really doesn't at all it was
amazing like the controls work so
perfectly I'm a big kind of Zelda and
put almost all of the game and the last
game that they had this quality of
essence of twilight princess x 50 and it
was like amazing
that was just it was just one of those
experiences that you just you just do it
you know you don't have to think about
it you don't have to read a menu you
don't have to go and and say you know
okay this tells you to press the a
button slc depress the beard is that
button you just do it you swing it I
need to stab the guy without having to
having to look at a manual to do it or
for it to have a tutorial to do it make
sense Ryan control they're so intuitive
so why wouldn't we motion plus you can
go in the direction it's not just like
oh like a shaking function deactivated
control where the sort goes how your
shield work it's amazing you got a lot
of big announcements in some incredible
hands-on game playing here at the nokia
theatre and this is just the beginning
I'm Brian Corsetti and for the rest of
you three it is my pleasure to be your
navigator here for the nintendo e3
network thanks